Unify the Qiskit boxes in one (#18)
unitaryfund/unitaryhack: src/projects/Qiskit.md

GitHub Repository: <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/> 
Documentation: <https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/docs/>   
PyPI: <https://pypi.org/project/qiskit/>

If you're new to contributing, please see our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

In addition to the SDK, other Qiskit tools participated in UnitaryHack are:

 * [Aer](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-aer/): A high performance simulator for quantum circuits that includes noise models.
 * [Qiskit AI Transpiler](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-transpiler): A package to run AI and heuristic Qiskit transpiler passes on local and cloud environments.
 * [rustworkx](https://github.com/Qiskit/rustworkx):  A high performance Python graph library implemented in Rust. Used internally in several quantum computing libraries such as Qiskit and Pennylane.

>  * [Qiskit documentation](https://github.com/Qiskit/documentation): The documentation content home for [quantum.cloud.ibm.com](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/docs) and [docs.quantum.ibm.com](https://docs.quantum.ibm.com) (excluding API reference).

Author: ```suggestion
 * [Qiskit documentation](https://github.com/Qiskit/documentation): The documentation content home for [quantum.cloud.ibm.com](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/docs) and [docs.quantum.ibm.com](https://docs.quantum.ibm.com) (excluding API references, they are in the code itself as docstrings).
```
